Kloud Article CTA Block

Do NOT touch anything else on the page.
Do NOT change the header, footer, blog layout, or article content structure.

Only update the final CTA section that currently looks like this:

“Ready to launch your GCC marketplace faster?”
[Kaartx Kloud gives you seller onboarding… not infrastructure.]
[Get Started with Kaartx Kloud button]

1️⃣ Content changes (text only inside the CTA)

Replace the existing CTA texts with:

Heading:
Launch your GCC marketplace faster with Kaartx Kloud

Sub-text (body):
Kaartx Kloud gives you seller onboarding, subscription billing, payouts, and GCC-ready integrations out of the box—so you can focus on growth, not infrastructure.

Button text:
Keep the button label as:
Get Started with Kaartx Kloud

Do not change the button link / URL or behavior, only the label and visual style as described below.

2️⃣ Visual design & layout for the CTA card

Turn this section into a more premium, professional CTA card that matches the design language of the Kloud landing page.

Apply these changes only to this CTA block:

Card container

Keep it centered on the page.

Set a max-width of about 900–960px so it doesn’t stretch too wide.

Add generous padding:
padding-top/bottom ≈ 48px
padding-left/right ≈ 64px

Use rounded corners: border-radius ≈ 24px.

Give it a soft light gradient background similar to the feature cards on the main Kloud page, e.g.:

From #F7F9FC to #FFFFFF (top-to-bottom or left-to-right).

Add a soft shadow for a premium card look, e.g.:

box-shadow: 0px 4px 40px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.06);

Heading styling (inside the CTA)

Center or left-align (choose whichever matches the rest of the article styling, but keep it consistent).

Font weight: bold / 700.

Font size: around 32–36px on desktop.

Add a little space below the heading:
margin-bottom ≈ 12–16px.

Sub-text styling

Single paragraph under the heading.

Font size: around 18px.

Normal weight (400).

Line-height comfortable for reading (around 1.5).

Limit width so the text doesn’t stretch too far (if needed, max-width ~640px, centered or left-aligned).

Button styling

Button should visually match the main Kloud primary button style (same color, font, and corner radius as other primary buttons like “Get Started”).

Increase the size slightly so it feels like a strong primary action:

Height: around 52px.

Horizontal padding: around 0 32px.

Font size: about 18px, medium or semi-bold.

Place the button under the text with spacing:
margin-top ≈ 24px.

Keep the button centered under the text if the card is centered.

Spacing around the CTA card

Keep enough top margin between the last article content and this CTA card (around 64–80px).

Keep enough bottom margin between the CTA and page end (around 64px).

Do NOT change spacing for any other sections on the page.

3️⃣ What NOT to change

Do NOT modify any other cards, headings, or sections in the blog or article pages.

Do NOT change fonts globally, only adjust sizes/weights within this CTA block if necessary.

Do NOT change colors of the site header, footer, or other buttons outside this CTA.

Do NOT alter the article text, “Back to all articles” link, or reading-time label.

The goal is only to make this final CTA section look like a premium, centered, gradient card that feels consistent with the main Kloud landing page design, with the updated heading and subtext provided above.